Add flag to enable tick of non-running BT + UC2 in tests (#68)
convince-project/AS2FM: docs/source/howto.rst

An exemplary system description is the following:

.. code-block:: xml

    <convince_mc_tc>
        <mc_parameters>
            <max_time value="100" unit="s" />
            <bt_tick_rate value="1.0" />
            <bt_tick_if_not_running value="true" />
        </mc_parameters>

        <behavior_tree>
            <input type="bt.cpp-xml" src="./bt.xml" />
            <input type="bt-plugin-ros-scxml" src="./bt_topic_condition.scxml" />
            <input type="bt-plugin-ros-scxml" src="./bt_topic_action.scxml" />
        </behavior_tree>

        <node_models>
            <input type="ros-scxml" src="./battery_drainer.scxml" />
            <input type="ros-scxml" src="./battery_manager.scxml" />
        </node_models>

        <properties>
            <input type="jani" src="./battery_properties.jani" />
        </properties>
    </convince_mc_tc>

.. _mc_parameters:

Available Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

AS2FM provides a number of parameters to control the generation of the formal model. They are all contained in the tag `<mc_parameters>`.

Max Time
____________

The maximum time the global clock is allowed to reach.

> The tag defining it is `<max_time value="100" unit="s" />`. The `value` argument is the max time, and the argument `unit` specifies the time unit of the provided value. Supported units are `s`, `ms`, `us`, `ns`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tag is called `max_time`. The `value` argument is the max time, and the argument `unit` specifies the time unit of the provided value. Supported units are `s`, `ms`, `us`, `ns`.

So for example `<max_time value="100" unit="s" />` would allow the model to run for 100 seconds.
```

Max Array Size
_________________

The maximum size assigned to a dynamic array.

> The tag defining it is `<max_array_size value="100" />`. The `value` argument defines the max size the dynamic array can reach, and is 100 by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tag is called `max_array_size`. The `value` argument defines the max size the dynamic array can reach, and is 100 by default.

For example `<max_array_size value="100" />` would allow dynamic arrays to contain up tp 100 entries.
```

BT Tick Rate
_________________

The tick rate of the Behavior Tree (in Hz).

> The tag defining it is `<bt_tick_rate value="1.0">`. The `value` argument defines the tick rate in Hz, and is 1.0 by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tag is called `bt_tick_rate`. The `value` argument defines the tick rate in Hz, and is 1.0 by default.

For example `<bt_tick_rate value="10.0">` would tick the behavior tree with a frequency of _10Hz_.
```

BT Tick If Not Running
_________________________

Whether we shall keep ticking a Behavior Tree after it returns something different from `RUNNING` (i.e. `SUCCESS` or `FAILURE`).

> The tag defining it is `<bt_tick_if_not_running value="false" />`. The `value` argument enables / disables the ticking of non-running Behavior Trees, and is set to `false` by default. After the tree is stopped, the model execution will stop as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tag is `bt_tick_if_not_running`. The `value` argument enables or disables the ticking of non-running Behavior Trees, and is set to `false` by default. After the tree is stopped, the model execution will stop as well.

For example `<bt_tick_if_not_running value="false" />` would stop ticking the tree after it returned either _SUCCESS_ or _FAILURE_.
```
